hi guys and welcome back to my youtube
channel if you are new here my name is
olivia job and today I'm just gonna do a
video on what to take to go skiing
I literally have many shops in one place
but yeah I'm just gonna like talk you
through what I've got for if you don't
already know I am going to marry well in
France again I've never been there
before I'm literally so so excited I
can't even I'm not there's no really
tonight we've got a really early flight
number one I think it's around six and
yeah I just can't wait so we'll get
there in good time and not have a full
day tomorrow and we might do a bit of
skin for a bit like nothing just sort of
either felt back into it I've been
skiing some type of time before and when
I was younger it was like a school trip
and everything so I haven't been in a
few years but hopefully it'd just be
like riding a bike or like driving a car
you just pick it up as you go and be
yeah like I watched a few of these
videos wait before I started like
shopping about cuz I literally did not
know what demeanor it to wear or what to
take and I wanted to look nice still but
obviously like be safe I'm not warm and
everything and with it being so much
colder this week in the UK I was
thinking oh my god I'm gonna be freezing
so yeah I got quite a lot of stuff to be
fair I don't think you necessarily need
to go this ham on items and it's most of
so expensive but I really really
recommend Topshop snow their range is
really good it's like fashionable nice
and the price it is fairly priced
friendly compared to like other sites
like the other sites I was looking at or
just ridiculous so yeah I'm just going
to show you through this is like
actually one piece that I showed in my
pretty nothing home which is just a nice
thick knit jumper and I mainly just
taking like really cozy warm stuff
condition which is mirth
show you okay so I'm just gonna talk you
through it down here I just got this I
picked up a nice little necklace three
pounds with Primark just as a little
piece this has got no relevance to see
you actually Jeffrey Oz but yeah
then I got some sunglasses for the
slopes so for so it's these are just
some ones that I already had previously
from the holidays that quite big around
your face and nice so that it's that
then I got oh my god this is a must
plenty of lip balm like if I remember
anything the last time it's skiing my
lips just felt so dry this has also got
SPF 30 in got these from home bargains I
think they were like a pound each which
isn't too bad then I got some maxi
muscle Promax protein bars that are
really high calorie mean a shortbread
for me Meister sure just to put in our
pockets and stuff because we're always
hungry yes I also picked up eyelid
eyebrow god I should have got in the
dark brown because my hair's no lighter
but I got black and I always like barrel
eyebrows every few weeks just to keep
them and like I sort of have to pencil
them so much then I got these actually
from Sports Direct I really wanted some
orange goggles and these are so cool I
actually did order these online and the
first time I ordered them they were
$39.99 so they came and everything all
of them online and then I actually
popped into the Sports Direct store and
saw them on sale for 19 pounds so wasn't
too pricey that but anyway just sent me
on his back and then got these but
really reasonable I really recommend
Sports Direct for sceeto because it's
such a cheap compared to elsewhere and
then I've got this Andy Kerr marybelle
that's such a coincidence and even
though it's a rover ski helmet I've got
this for $21.99 reduced 45419 I just
like a plain black how many go wrong
generally one always gets really soggy
and wet and then I got these from a soft
faux fur lined gloved and really really
liked them I also got Google pom-pom hat
this was ten pounds off Amazon which I
don't think is bad and it's just nice
Mitsumi Archie I would definitely say
that as you can see I've really shopped
around to get the best value for money
then I've got some Zara everything's
obviously on sale at locus it's January
399 like black sock we're gonna wear
these in the gym if I go over there then
I got some from Primark 3 pounds 200
Danny
opaque tights just thick nice tights to
wear and Lister well nice to wear under
Pope then I'm just bringing and breeding
to sports bras I'm like wear these like
underneath all my stuff just to keep not
that I have that much in line I also got
this sports bra from Primark which is
five pounds which is just so cheap nice
car key really really like that and I
already had these snow boots which are
like a silvery black and he's really
cute and very cheap got these online
ages ago
but I like fur-lined super cute and then
I got these really super slick socks
from pound stretch of these were pound
each and I should have we've got a fewer
pairs I've got some more upstairs we
said that I'll take but yeah I'd really
say to take super thick as possible
socks your feet always get a bit soggy
and cold and then I got two pairs of
fellow pets you probably only need one
but I just like to take two just in case
like one rips I'm so paranoid about that
and these oh my god obsessed I haven't
even tried these on these are the top
shops no one's there were 52 pounds of
50 I think I've got student oh no that's
with student discount which is quite
good waterproof breathable fabric
adjustable waistband and I just like how
they're like that they're not super
flared I didn't really want super food
and though these will go so nice with
like a black jacket
then I got these maxilla pets from ASOS
these worth fifty five pounds these
little finger blobs and then I got the
white coat I actually got this off depop
35 pounds this is a Topshop snow coat
it's got about somewhere knocking around
tongues with a belt but yet these are
really expensive on I think these are
like 120 of something around there so I
just yeah have a look on D pop it
arrived in a few days are really
impressed with that like what a little
bargain and I probably wouldn't I'll
only wear this ski knife anywhere wife's
coat ski the am probably gonna wear that
I'm black so pets and then I'll wear a
black jacket with these ones I don't
know if I got all black and white
everything I'm taking this a little
white and blue
and another thing I got these like two
little thermal kind of jumpers they went
off for seven pounds they're in an extra
small they come in at the waist really
nice this is also from Sports Direct and
it's the brand never coat it's a really
cheap brand I think and I also got some
thermal leggings we should have got to
first through four of these and just
plain black again seven pounds from
Sports Direct and then I got another
black black and one we got matching
black and white which is seven pounds of
going same sorry and I've also just got
these cool things to are over jumper a
black leather skirt from Primark that
I'm going to put with some leggings and
yet just somewhat long sleeves to talk
with all them okay so I'm just showing
you the first outfit that I tried on
this is a black firmly probably wear a
little top underneath this this is so
nice and smart seven pounds you really
I'm in sixth it's got like a white bit
here this looks so cool and then these
are amazing going out of stock on the
top shots at our website deserve black
and white trousers just so cool so
flattering perfect fit I've also got
leggings underneath these obviously
aware like thermals and Anita so I'd
recommend maybe size you know these are
size 8 HP but they think quite well but
yeah maybe size up just in case you want
feels for yeah I'm really like this and
then with a black jacket on yeah
so yeah this was up ammidon like I said
early and then the gloves were off to a
tough I think she's quite cute and nice
and then next is just the black okay
these do seem a little bit short and
these are adjustable the ski boots I
think will hire out there but yeah
definitely recommend a little pair of
these just you know iconic ad might
where these are neither know like just
as an alternative so this is this jacket
I absolutely love this and this is
actually side stick she actually sold it
at this by date but yeah it's like
nothing but you with because I think top
socks are slightly bigger which is I'm
definitely getting Ikea normal size and
this kind of coat you know you're
lengthening I'm soaked already
so this is it my Hamlet these glasses
are huge don't know if you wear them oh
my god fly Oh God like a bloody human
cannonball right now but I can't like it
how about isn't it good to go also I
recommend if you are ready and
definitely get health insurance I still
need to do that yeah nice everything
thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope you enjoyed it and
hopefully it was a some entertainment so
excited I am going to the lobby
matter--it for a cover to show
everything easily thank you so much for
watching and if you don't already I'd
really appreciate to subscribe to my
channel and really helped me out and
helps me grow see you guys in the next
video